# Weekly RiskDAO report 3 May ‘23
*All referenced data can be accessed directly on the [Hadouken dashboard](https://hadouken.riskdao.org/#system-status) by [RiskDAO](https://riskdao.org/).*

## Summary
The end of the week saw rapid see-saw of crypto prices rallying before sharply selling off. This was driven by leverage activity and $300m in [liquidations](https://twitter.com/laevitas1/status/1651484608897114112?s=46&t=dEewO-zemXyQWlz3wmtKeQ) (both long and short).

Alpha Homora’s (AH) stand-off with Iron Bank (IB) is entering the next phase: AH’s community voted to start legal proceedings against IB if no agreement is achieved by 28 April 8am UTC. As the deadline has elapsed, the [dispute will now become a matter of lawyers and courts](https://twitter.com/Alpha_HomoraV2/status/1651873953760280576?s=20). 

Crypto security researcher DevDacian wrote up a [deep dive into Lending/Borrowing attacks in DeFi](https://dacian.me/lending-borrowing-defi-attacks). The article aims to categorize the types of vulnerabilities that auditors & developers should be aware of in lending & borrowing platforms.

[Kaiko provided a good analysis of LSDs on Aave & Compound](https://marketing.kaiko.com/leveraging-lsds?ecid=AOKeC1bbftxuiNRNSupSxkVi4OKkdGhZZ-uCXtFQS07CqmRmD6a9R7tBaUD6dHF7JDCTyEYMTRna&_hsmi=71211442). The article highlights a number of interesting facts such as Aave V2’s savvy move to allow stETH deposits, which quickly netted it over $3bn of deposits in just a couple months. User seem to leverage up by depositing stETH, borrowing ETH, then staking it for stETH.  Currently, ETH is the most borrowed asset on Aave while DAI is the most borrowed on Compound. Meanwhile, stETH is the most deposited on Aave and ETH is the most deposited on Compound.

According to an [analysis by CertiK](https://cointelegraph.com/news/april-s-crypto-scams-exploits-and-hacks-lead-to-103m-lost-certik), April saw $103m lost to exploits and attacks.


## Dashboard Highlights

Total collateral stayed at $1.8m. pCKB is the #1 collateral asset with $1.1m (60% of total), followed by USDC at $0.4m (20%) and USDT at $0.2m (11%). The #1 depositor accounts for 40% of all deposits. 

Total debt also remained flat at $0.4m, mostly denominated in USDC ($0.3m, 72%) and USDT ($0.1m, 24%). The largest borrower accounts for 83% of all loan volume.

Based on current usage, current liquidation thresholds are below recommended liquidation thresholds for all assets.

DEX Liquidity on Godwoken Chain has recovered from the lows seen over the last weeks. USDT DEX liquidity has normalized, closing the price oracle discrepancy that had reached 420% at its peak. DEX-prices for WBTC|eth have closed the gap with the oracle prices but still deviate by 3.9%. All other DEX & CEX prices are in line with oracle prices.
