# Weekly RiskDAO report 4 Jan ‘23
*All referenced data can be accessed directly on the [Hadouken dashboard](https://hadouken.riskdao.org/#system-status) by [RiskDAO](https://riskdao.org).*

## Summary

Avi Eisenberg, DeFi’s most prolific exploitooorr, got [arrested last week by US authorities in Puerto Rico](https://twitter.com/CoinDesk/status/1607875275227807747?s=20&t=-vZnjFCOzy9sUUpANua92w). He is charged with market manipulation over the Mango Markets exploit. The entire affidavit can be found [here](https://storage.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.nysd.591629/gov.uscourts.nysd.591629.1.0.pdf) and includes details on how Avi Eisenberg operated, including KYC fraud. 

Maple Finance & Pool Delegate M11 have [distributed reimbursements in the form of $MPL token for the Orthogonal Trading default](https://twitter.com/m11credit/status/1606314452797648898?s=46&t=3s1erLeiZrwlj6HYik3Z0g). Orthogonal caused the first major credit default in the unsecured lending sector. Lenders are now holding $MPL as a form of compensation for material losses in USDC and WETH. 

Dopex, a major DeFi protocol on Arbitrum, has released a summary [blogpost on the potential of OptionFi (aka OpFi)](https://medium.com/@tztokchad/options-options-options-8adfe1eecb8c). Among the different themes, the write-up introduces put-based lending: e.g. borrowers deposit ETH collateral and buy an ETH put option for the duration of the loan. These novel types of borrowing models are interesting and we will follow developments.

## Dashboard Highlights
Total collateral amounts to $50k and total borrow equates to $1k. The two deposit assets are USDC and pCKB. On the borrow side, USDC is the primary asset (96% of total borrow volume) with pCKB accounting for the remainder. 

Whilst Hadouken is in the process of attracting initial liquidity, it is worthwhile pointing out chain-specific elements such as DEX liquidity and Oracle Deviations. 

**DEX Liquidity:** The current activity on Hadouken is mirrored by the on-chain activity. DEX Liquidity is strongest for USDC and pCKB with all other collateral assets lagging behind. DEX liquidity matters for smooth liquidation processes in case of collateral factor breaches.

**Oracle Deviation:** The dashboard compares oracle prices between CEXes & DEXes as deviations can be exploited by malicious actors. DEX prices for USDT differ vastly from CEX prices as of writing. However, the current USDT borrow cap has been exhausted and there is no meaningful USDT supply at the moment.
