# Weekly RiskDAO report 11 Jan ‘23
*All referenced data can be accessed directly on the [Hadouken dashboard](https://hadouken.riskdao.org/#system-status) by [RiskDAO](https://riskdao.org).*

## Summary

Ethereum's Shanghai hard fork is planned to go live at the end of Q1 2023, which will enable withdrawal of staked Ethereums. Withdrawals will improve the staking experience on Ethereum and the economics of liquid staking protocols. The associated protocol tokens (eg $LIDO, $RPL) have been at the center of crypto market price action and seen significant rallies. 

Arbitrum-based, perpetual swap protocol Mycelium got exploited as the [ETH-USD price feed went down](https://twitter.com/mycelium_xyz/status/1611557640987086848).

Moonwell users suffered $800k in unjustified liquidations as a [parameter change (“collateral factor”) by Gauntlet included incorrect decimals](https://forum.moonwell.fi/t/explanation-of-methodology-to-calculate-the-impact-of-mip-14-on-moonwell-users/351). This mistakenly set the “collateral factor” almost to 0 (6400 instead of 0.64e18). The collateral factor determines if a position is eligible for liquidation. A collateral factor near 0 caused the protocol to allow users to be liquidated, who otherwise had well funded accounts, because it effectively discounted the borrowing power enabled by USDC collateral deposits by over 99.9%. 

A reimbursement plan is currently discussed, which would include a combination of funds from the reserve fund (which takes 30% of all liquidation profits) and the remainder being paid by Gauntlet (equivalent to the liquidators’ profit).

What’s interesting about the Gauntlet incident: Gauntlet’s approach utilizes a simulation environment for all parameter changes. Yet, in this case the simulation did not catch the mistake as the collateral factors were inserted manually.


## Dashboard Highlights
Total collateral amounts to $50k and total borrow equates to $1k. The two deposit assets are USDC and pCKB. On the borrow side, USDC is the primary asset (95% of total borrow volume) with pCKB accounting for the remainder. 

Whilst Hadouken is in the process of attracting initial liquidity, it is worthwhile pointing out chain-specific elements such as DEX liquidity and Oracle Deviations. 

DEX Liquidity: The current activity on Hadouken is mirrored by the on-chain activity. DEX Liquidity is strongest for USDC and pCKB with all other collateral assets lagging behind. DEX liquidity matters for smooth liquidation processes in case of collateral factor breaches.

Oracle Deviation: The dashboard compares oracle prices between CEXes & DEXes as deviations can be exploited by malicious actors. DEX prices for USDT differ vastly from CEX prices as of writing. However, the current USDT borrow cap has been exhausted and there is no meaningful USDT supply at the moment.
