# Weekly RiskDAO report 15 Mar ‘23
*All referenced data can be accessed directly on the [Hadouken dashboard](https://hadouken.riskdao.org/#system-status) by [RiskDAO](https://riskdao.org/).*

## Summary

**US Banking collapse**
Last weekend saw one of the most dramatic banking events since the GFC. Three crypto-friendly banks (Silvergate, SVB, Signature) all were taken over by the FDIC/FED as they could not sustain a bank run on their deposits.

In the wake, a major stablecoin crisis was triggered as Circle disclosed having USD3.3bn in deposit with SVB. USDC and stablecoins that are backed by USDC (DAI, FRAX) all de-pegged causing serious ripple effects across DeFi. Crypto projects rushed to Twitter to quantify the USD-exposure to SVB. By the time the weekend was over, the US banking regulators agreed to backstop all deposits thereby limiting any losses from bank insolvencies. As a result, USDC and related stablecoins closed the $-peg. In the meantime, USDT and BTC traded at significant premiums as a rush to safety set in.

**Binance “Industry Recovery Initiative”-fund to be allocated to crypto**
[CZ announced that $1bn from the “industry recovery initiative”](https://twitter.com/cz_binance/status/1635131601884700674?s=20) would be used to purchase BTC, ETH and BNB. On Monday 13 March, BTC & ETH showed double-digit gains of >10%.

**Alpha Homora x Iron Bank**
Almost forgotten in last week’s carnage, this stand-off still has not been resolved. As of last week, it appeared as if AH gave in to IB’s demands and allowed AH protocol bad debt to be transferred to its users. However, this [AH snapshot vote from 13 March](https://snapshot.org/#/alpha-depositors-gov.eth/proposal/0xe959d3f933c01c209bfbd0227bb297452915e0a1996c3312e7304234082c1906) highlights that the community is opposed to this solution and wants to hear alternative proposals. In the meantime, $40m of user deposits remain frozen on IB (ETH Mainnet).


## Dashboard Highlights

As per RiskDAO recommendation, the Hadouken team implemented a new WBTC borrow cap at $1m. This comes as a result of significantly diminished on-chain liquidity for WBTC with very little capacity for collateral liquidations (see “DEX Liquidity” on the dashboard). RiskDAO has recommended to further reduce the caps for WBTC, ETH & BNB given limited on-chain liquidity.

Total collateral declined from $1.2m to $1.14m. pCKB is the #1 collateral asset with $0.7m (63% of total), followed by USDC at $0.3m (27%) and USDT at $0.1m (10%). The #1 depositor accounts for 52% of all deposits. 

Total debt stayed at $0.23m, mostly denominated in USDC ($0.2m, 84%). The largest borrower accounts for 84% of all loan volume.

Based on current usage, current liquidation thresholds exceed recommended liquidation thresholds for ETH, pCKB and USDT. The current liquidation thresholds for all other assets are  healthy.

DEX Liquidity on Godwoken Chain has materially deteriorated across the board. USDT DEX liquidity has been particularly impacted and the DEX oracle price deviation amounts to 420%.
