# Weekly RiskDAO report 18 Jan ‘23
*All referenced data can be accessed directly on the [Hadouken dashboard](https://hadouken.riskdao.org/#system-status) by [RiskDAO](https://riskdao.org).*

## Summary

Crypto prices were green across the board over the last week. BTC broke through $21k and $SOL has 2x’ed from their recent lows. 

Ethereum liquid staking protocols continue to dominate headlines. There are a number of positive trends, such as Metamask integrating Lido & Rocketpool. Frax is receiving a fair amount of attention given the double-digit growth (+24%) of their LSD “frxETH” over the last 7 days (coming from a low base, however). Staked frxETH is a collateral asset on FraxLend and thus can contribute to the volume of FRAX.

Protocols will want to grow market share of their liquid staking derivatives (LSDs) through promoting DeFi interoperability and utility. Some lending protocols are starting to focus on LSD as collateral asset: Myso Finance is launching on mainnet with rETH vaults. rETH is also a collateral asset on MakerDAO. Lido staked Ether is eligible collateral on Aave and by extension Morpho, Gearbox, Euler, MakerDAO, Angle and dForce. 

The FTX liquidator [got rekt on Aave](https://twitter.com/0xedenau/status/1613607912341147648?s=46&t=qqXB8LwT3DEIgztFV3-Pmw).

HECO-based lending market [LendHub got exploited for $6m](https://www.theblock.co/post/202047/self-proclaimed-safest-defi-lender-loses-6-million-in-hack). The protocol replaced a collateral token with an updated version but forgot to delete the old one. According to SlowMist “The attackers were able to manipulate the minting and redeeming process in the old market while borrowing in the new market, ultimately stealing significant protocol funds from the new market.” 


## Dashboard Highlights
Total collateral has decreased slightly from $50k to $48k and most loans have been repaid (total debt of $60). The two deposit assets are  pCKB (58% of total) and USDC (42%). The #1 depositor accounts for 71% of all deposits. 

Whilst Hadouken is in the process of attracting initial liquidity, it is worthwhile pointing out chain-specific elements such as DEX liquidity and Oracle Deviations. 

DEX Liquidity: The current activity on Hadouken is mirrored by the on-chain activity. DEX Liquidity is strongest for USDC and pCKB with all other collateral assets lagging behind. DEX liquidity matters for smooth liquidation processes in case of collateral factor breaches.

Oracle Deviation: The dashboard compares oracle prices between CEXes & DEXes as deviations can be exploited by malicious actors. DEX prices for USDT differ vastly from CEX prices as of writing. 
