# Weekly RiskDAO report 25 Jan ‘23
*All referenced data can be accessed directly on the [Hadouken dashboard](https://hadouken.riskdao.org/#system-status) by [RiskDAO](https://riskdao.org).*

## Summary

Last week, MakerDAO made headlines again as GUSD takes center-stage as questions arise about Gemini’s future: Gemini Earn has granted loans worth $900m to Genesis which is part of DCG’s bankruptcy discussions. Gemini is also the issuer of the GUSD stablecoin to which the MakerDAO PSM has a $500m exposure. On 19 January, MakerDAO tokenholders were [polled whether to keep this arrangement or to reduce the GUSD PSM debt ceiling to nil](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmZs1EMK#vote-breakdown). The vote finished narrowly in favor of keeping the status quo (50.85% of all votes). The reduction of the debt ceiling would have tested Gemini’s fiat liquidity and might have forced a bank-run with unknown consequences. Earlier this week [Tyler Winklevoss had posted a lengthy post in the MakerDAO forum](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/gusd-makerdao-partnership-update/19428?u=nonstoptheo), along with subsequent Q&A in their Discord, in an attempt to avoid GUSD FUD.

In addition, Paxos is trying to promote its USDP stablecoin by increasing the MakerDAO PSM debt ceiling to $1.5bn from the current $0.5bn. Paxos is offering to share [45% of the Federal Funds Rate (currently at 4.3%)](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/paxos-makerdao-partnership-usdp-psm/19469/1) with MakerDAO which could add up to a total of $29m in extra revenue.

Avi Eisenberg gets formally charged for market manipulation by the SEC, as he is awaiting transfer to a federal prison in NYC. The SEC mentions that he manipulated the $MNGO token [“..., a so-called governance token offered and sold as a security on the crypto platform Mango Markets.”](https://twitter.com/SECGov/status/1616531972020469781?s=20&t=J7TP_GgqKZFd_ZEDE2lybw)

Euler lists Coinbase’s $cbETH as collateral asset.


## Dashboard Highlights
Total collateral increased materially from $48k to $1.6m. There has been a notable inflow of USDC ($0.6m, 39% of total) making it the #1 collateral assets. pCKB accounts for $0.5m (33%) and USDT is at $0.4m (28%). The #1 depositor accounts for 38% of all deposits, down from 71% last week. 

On the debt side, there is only one borrow position of $0.14m, fully denominated in ETH.

DEX Liquidity on Godwoken Chain has materially increased for USDT and is now on par with USDC. There is no material oracle deviation of DEX & CEX prices.
